Issue #161: Document JPyInterpreter internals (#162)
optapy/optapy: jpyinterpreter-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/python-function-structure/python-function-structure.adoc

- `co_cellvars`: a tuple of strings representing bound variable.

- `co_freevars`: a tuple of strings representing free variable.

- `co_constants`: a tuple of constants used in the function. For instance, the function:
+
```python
def my_function():
    a = 1
    b = 2
    return a + b
```
+
`co_constants` would be `(1, 2)`. In CPython, objects
eligible to be constants are:
+
** `int` objects (ex: `1`, `42`)
** `float` objects (ex: `1.5`, `NaN`)
** `bool` objects (`True` and `False`)
** `str` objects (ex: `'hello world'`)
** `bytes` objects (ex: `b'hello world'`)
** `None` (`None`)
** `Ellipsis` (`...`)
+

> The following objects an ineligible to be used as constants, and are loaded with `LOAD_GLOBAL` instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following objects are not eligible to be used as constants, and are loaded with `LOAD_GLOBAL` instead:
```
